# T2A2-NBA-Card-Manager-API

## R1 - The problem this app will solve and how it will does this

Sport card collecting, specifically NBA cards, is a very popular hobby within Australia. The hobby broke out into the mainstream during the pandemic where thousands of individuals began to collect and sell various kinds of NBA cards. During this time, listings for cards on auction applications such as EBay and Facebook Marketplace increased by 300%. However, despite this, physical store locations which specalise in sport card collecting have rapidly closed. In Sydney alone, there is no specific physcial store front which sells and is committed to purely sport card sales. This lack of a gathering place has hindered the hobbys growth within Australia as there is no place for individuals who are in invested in this hobby to meet and grow the community to levels it is at in other parts of the world such as America. Currently, individuals invested in the hobby must rely on social media applications such as Facebook, Ebay and Instagram to both discuss and potentially sell/trade cards in their collection. This can become a hinderence as from personal experience, managing different lines of communication on multiple different applications can become exhausting, especially for individuals who are looking for specific rare cards.

The solution to this is a centralised application which solely designed to serve the various needs of individuals who are invested in NBA card hobby. This API serves as the foundation for this application and provides individuals with a multitude of features to both grow the NBA card collecting communitiy, but also to simplify trading/selling practices within the hobby. It does this by providing three main features. This includes a blogging feature, a feature to display all current cards in an individuals collection, as well as the building blocks to a fully fledged auction house where users can both place their cards on auction and other users can place bids. These features reflect the three core pillars of the card collecting hobby. Having these abilities in a centralised application will propel the hobbies growth in areas where physical meeting is limited and ultimately provide convience to all individuals who are both seasoned card collectors as well as individuals looking to enter the hobby for the first time.

## R3 - Explantion of the third party services, packages and dependencies utilised to create the API

### Flask

Flask is a web framework designed for Python which allows developers to create and manage web appplications efficiently. 